persona: eda (#39)
marimo-team/marimo-pair: personas/README.md

# Personas

A **persona** is a small companion skill that layers a *role* on top of

> `marimo-pair`. The core skill teaches Claude how to work inside a running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`marimo-pair`. The core skill teaches an Agent how to work inside a running
```

try to be generic when referring to specific agents
